# Summary
A console-based program built to simulate a medieval/fantasy economy that reacts to world events and changes. Eventually to be converted back to Unity in order create a more user-friendly GUI.

# Current State
This project initially started its life in Unity. I have since decided that I don't need the GUI framework that Unity provides until the project is significantly further on. By removing all Unity references and instead establishing the project as a C# console application gives the opportunity for development without having to lug the 'power-hungry' Unity around everywhere too.

# Explaination
The real-world economy is a complicated beast, it is difficult to comprehend without serious study. Creating a realistic simulated economy is even more difficult, especially when you, as a Game Master, are attempting to create a responsive world from world-changing, cataclysmic events to the mundane minutea of everyday life.

I run the occasional Dungeons and Dragons campaign and one of my biggest pet-peeves in running a campaign is creating a shop. It sounds like a small problem in the grand scheme of things but I find it deeply annoying. The troulbe I have always had is knowing exactly what would be available from a shop/stall/travelling salesman at any given time. I could just make it up, which is certainly what a lot of people do, but the trouble with that is it doesn't always make sense. If the players need a specific item to drive the story forward I have no problem placing that item in the story or at a specific point for the players to find - a plot MacGuffin that is rare and difficult to find is a neccesary part to most D&D campaigns. What bothers me are the mundane shops with a seemingly random assortment of items available to the players.

For example, Player A decides they want to go shopping. As stated previously, I could just make it up or use a random generator, but that to me is wrong. The contents and price range of the shop should depend on a range of things: location; state of the local economy; main output of the city; social status of the players and shop owner; diplomatic status of the city vs other cities; world disasters (earthquake, drought, plauge) etc. This cannot be done without preparation and a detailed knowledge of the world economy in which I, as the GM, have placed the players. The goal of this software is to run this process for the GM, so that, at any given moment they can select a location and a REALISTIC and DATA DRIVEN shop can be created